# support
Thank you for choosing **ArtClock App**. We are here to help if you encounter any issues or have questions while using the app. Please refer to the information below for assistance.
## Contact Us
Contact at Email: artclockapp@outlook.com. We are always happy to assist you.
## App Installation & Updates
Please ensure your device meets the system requirements and download the app from the official App Store.
## Clock and Widget
**- Customization:** You can customize clock dials in App, changes will sync to clock widgets.<br>
**- Change Appearance:** Show or hide digital display beneath the clock dail, show or hide second hand...more to be explored.
## Pomodoro
Pomodoro function can help you track daily routines, such as reading, studying, cooking, fitness, etc. A gradient background imitating the maturation of fruit or vegetable directly tells time-remaining.
**- Duration Picker:** Once you set a focus duration and click START, any later focus label will also use this duration, unless you change it again.<br>
**- End Focus Session:** Besides manually click END to end a focus session, note that changing label during the running focus session leads to the same result.<br>
**- Color Stacks on Calendar:** The height of color stack represents the proportion of each focus label on the selected day.<br>
**- Timeline:** Every whole focus sessions will be recorded daily. Check duration timeline by select a day on calendar.
## Stopwatch
Use the stopwatch to record elapsed time. Check the min, max, and average duration of each split, and see the total time at a glance.
**- Limitations**: A stopwatch session is limited to 24 hours. Each record can include up to 350 splits. Subscribed members can save up to 800 history records.
**- Digit Styles**: Hope changing the digit theme adds a splash of color to your timing experience.
## Data Management
**- Data Scope:** Here the word Data mainly refers to the records generated by the Stopwatch and Pomodoro.
**- Sync with iCloud:** You can manually sync local data with iCloud. The sync function does not run automatically.
**- Delete Data:** You can delete local or iCloud data at any time. Be cautious that this action is irreversible.
## Dark Mode
By default, the app theme matches system theme unless you change it in Settings.
Look forward to hearing your thoughts. Hope you enjoy every moment with ArtClock App.
